**This .txt file is only here in the event the word document corrupts, which it tends to do sometimes**

Faris Nassif - G00347032
Advanced Data Centric Applications Project
*Login for Project*
Username = ‘user’
Password = ‘user’
The Project itself follows the outlined specification and has been tested before submission so that it should also run as it should when being graded. 
As well implementing the described requirements I also added some other functionality to the Program.
•	New Page
Upon running and navigating to http://localhost:8080/ there will be an additional page option Unloaned Books which when clicked will navigate to http://localhost:8080/unloanedBooks. Here there will be a list of all books that are currently not on loan. Should a book become available after it’s due date or a customer returns it, the list will update so that it will always show a list of Unloaned Books.
This works by running the Query 
select books.bid, books.title, books.author
from books
left join loans
on books.bid = loans.bid
WHERE lid IS NULL;

The Query is inserted into BookRepository.java and annotated with the ‘@Query’ annotation. Bookservice.java then runs the Method ‘findUnloanedBooks();’ which has the above Query annotated onto it. 

In ‘unloanedBooks.jsp’ the list is then displayed, displaying a row with the Book’s details for each book returned from executing the Query.
This new page is also Security configured, disallowing access unless a Login is successful.
•	Column Definitions
When I performed a describe query on the tables I noticed the type for each field were a lot larger than they needed to be. 
I changed the definitions to more reasonable amounts.
•	Stylesheets
I also added stylesheets for the .jsp pages. One for the table display and one for making errors red
•	Coding Practice
As well as these implementations I also attempted to maintain a good standard of code throughout the Program, attempting to follow what was picked up from labs and elsewhere to ensure the code was as reusable, understandable and clean as I could make it.
•	Comments
There are also comments contained within the code on most non obvious lines of code.



